Here we have our launch configuration and
we're going to explain it in detail here in a moment.
Let me just make sure that we copy it over to our reference script,
our script that we're coding right now as well as the auto-scaling group.
Okay. I'll do copy and bring it
over here, and paste.
Make sure it's properly indented and it looks like we need to push it a little.
Let's see. We're going to do
one tap and verify that it's
enough and it's properly aligned with web-server security group.
Perfect. All right.
So what is in our launch configuration?
You're going to have several values here.
Let's start from the bottom.
First, the volume size.
Volume size is how much hard-drive space
is this machine going to need and where do I put it.
So you specify a device name.
If you're familiar with Linux,
device names are mount points where you can actually create folders.
In this case, we're just specifying that we just need
10 gigabytes for this machine and just one drive is more than enough.
Now, what kind of machine?
This is done by specifying T3 medium,
which is Amazon nomenclature for a specific machine,
whether it is two gigs of RAM,
four gigs of RAM, however much CPU.
This is where you select that.
Again, you have to pick whatever is appropriate for your application.
So some applications need a lot more RAM,
some just need faster CPU and they're okay with having very little RAM.
So it really depends on what your needs are.
In this case, we are doing our first reference to a security group.
In this case, we're using the web-server security group.
That's the one that we decided that it's just going to
be port eighty open to the world. So there it is.
Now we can optionally apply an SSH key.
This is obviously, to allow us to log in on that port 22,
if we choose to do so.
Again, once you're done
troubleshooting and you have everything you need from that machine,
it is best to not have a key at all,
just to have an actual server that does its function and you never
need to go in there to troubleshoot anything or look for anything at all, right?
Machines, you have to see them as discardable resources,
just the resources necessary for you to run your software.
You don't need to go in there for any reason.
If it fails, just destroy it, create a new one.
That's why you have an auto-scaling group for those reasons.
The image ID is an ID of what you're trying to run.
You have a machine image.
If you understand virtual machines,
you'll know that they run based off an image of something.
So you have an operating system,
whether it could be Windows, could be Linux,
and those operating systems are baked in into a big file that
gets loaded at boot time for these virtual machines,
and whatever is in there already installed is what's going to come up in
here as the AMI or Amazon machine image.
In this case, it is a Linux machine and where
we're going to install a terminal web server.